Your Username:	DrDerpenstein
Your SteamID:	STEAM_0:0:13562763
Current Rank:	"VIP" (was mod yesterday)
Time Played:	~1700hrs
Time Zone:	Central (USA/Chicago)
Rank Being Applied For:	Moderator
Permissions:	Eli, probably most other active mods
Previous Staff Experience:	1Mo SUP 2017/2018 + 1Mo SUP ~yesterday
Why You Think You Deserve This Rank:	[below]
Additional Info:	[below]

Fun facts:
	~1700hrs
	0 min banned
	I've never been afk longer than it takes to shit/shower/shave
	Not involved in any drama
	Active on forums (I lurk the forums more than I post)
	Just want people to have fun
	I'm also the best hitman on SUP, just sayin'

	Many of you know me as "Derp",  "Derpy" or...so help me god... "Dr. Depression". What many don't consider on a regular basis is how weird this game is. Let me explain:
You load a game for the first time and are handed a gun, you see people, you shoot. Simple. DarkRP is a confusing game to understand if you aren't already familiar with it. We've all gone trough the learning curve but it's extremely important to consider the ramifications of actual consequence in a video game.

	In my terms staffing, and as well as just being a general member, I've found that most people just don't understand the game but are willing to learn. Forgiveness goes a long way and, frankly, keeps our server at the top. When I first joined I thought I knew enough to not get called to sits. It's the helpfulness of staff and the willingness from other players to understand that keeps players carrying the torch.

	The "style" of staffing I attempt to mimic is that of [redacted name of current admin]. What I've observed from this individual is:
	1. We all fuck up, you shouldn't get banned for a legit accident.
	2. The game is fun once you've learned it.
	3. If someone is a dick give them a "time-out".
		3a. If someone knows their being a dick (cross-server MRDM, Scamming, Leaching, etc) ban them hard.
	4. The community is what keeps SUP alive/on top.
	5. Learn to read logs and between the lines.
	6. Never take things personally.
	7. It's a video game.

	When I take sits, I like to hear the full context of each person's story. As they elaborate I check the logs to confirm/question their tale of events. Because of this willingness to listen and teach, there have been many times when a sit has resulted in 0 punishments and even a few times when the person calls the sit becomes the player in question. Just because there was a sit doesn't mean someone has to get banned...this was a more common problem back in 2017ish but seems to have been adjusted (rightfully so) recently. 

	I've also mentioned that I'm drama-free. I do belong to an org but this never carries into sits or staffing duties. Drama between orgs/players/anyone doesn't really matter, as a staff it's important to just be a neutral arbitor and hand down a judgment. I talk with almost anyone on the server who wants to chill, but this does not exonorate them from the rules. You can discuss the meta of building/raiding all you want but the true meta of GMod is "other players" and a staff's duty is to maintain a balanced server.

Why I want to re-staff:
	I decided to take a staffing position this summer as a basic "community service" to our [Austin Powers moment] community. I've been around long enough to know much of the server's meta, therefore many-a new staff members ask me in /pm and Teamspeak how to handle different situations. The support I've received (already) to renew/continue has been [Austin Powers again] supportive. The encouragment of others is a great motivator.

	I would like to continue contributing to the community's development/maintenance as able. Helping people is part of the meta. Sometimes sits happen between players causing trouble and others who just need to learn the game. When not staffing, I can frequently be found teaching new playing basic things such as *mono tone voice* "Press the letter Y on your keyboard to type, X is for push to talk. If you don't have a mic but are playing on a laptop, your webcam works like a microphone". Again, communication is key. Other times I'm just running around meme-ing.


Derp for mod?












